T.E.X International
Home
Services
Company
Tracking Information
Contact us


Welcome to TEX Courier - Worldwide Courier Service
We are an international express courier, air freight and Sea freight logistics company in Bangladesh. Since starting, our main concern is to serve our all types of clients. A team of highly professional makes it really possible to serve at a time to all such as secure transport, the ability to meet changing needs, Improving schedules, cost, faster delivery, certified and industry compliant drivers, business continuity, pickup and same-day delivery, on time, every time – across town or across the country – whether on-demand or scheduled. In delivering for you, we become a reliable partner with the expertise, resources and processes to assure the kind of support you need for hassle free secured delivery.
SOME INTERNATIONAL RENOWNED EXPRESS COURIER SERVICE IS OUR PARTNER SUCH AS FARDAR, BUDGET LOGISTICS.
Through multiple branch locations including two major city Dhaka and Chittagong, we offer door to door delivery of any volume of documents and goods through our transportation system with comprehensive, cost effective and professional services with a personal and technological touch. 

So, everything is ready for your shipments secured delivery. Why wait! Just put your shipments to taste out service. We are waiting for you only.


OUR FEATURED SERVICES

Express Freight Logistics 
Air Freight 
Sea Freight 
Express Courier Service 
Exports and Imports 
For documents and Samples 
Between Bangladesh and Rest of the world 
Delivery excluding or including duty taxes 
Pick up and delivery services 
Customs Clearance for export and import at Dhaka Airport 
Airport to Airport Air freight Shipments 
Packaging services 

Company Information
Our company began in Dhanmondi, Dhaka in 2015 with one facility, one employee and five drivers who set out to handle 100 runs a day. TEX Courier has built a reputation for service excellence resulting in dramatic market and geographic expansion. Today, we’re known simply as Express, with headquarters in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Our multi branch offices serve more than 3,000 accounts – providing same-day scheduled and on-demand distribution and warehousing logistics to support healthcare, financial services, office products, pharmaceuticals, auto parts, manufactured goods and other businesses of all sizes. we are involved members in our industry’s top trade associations. We provide tailored routing and delivery solutions with 24/7/365 customer support, local points of contact and broad geographic coverage throughout the world. 

We are proud of our success but never rest on our laurels. We have maintained profitable year-over-year revenue growth, which has allowed us to launch new technologies, enhance employee/driver training, expand facilities and add resources to better serve our customers. Our management is second to none, with leadership who have more than 30 years of combined experience in the industry. 

MISSION STATEMENT
We enables our customers to prosper by delivering their products on time in a professional and friendly environment.
VISION STATEMENT
to be a service leader in express industry
CORE VALUES
Our guiding standards are our four core values.
CUSTOMER FOCUS
1. We treat each customer as our only customer. 
2. We seek to exceed customer expectations. 
3. We will leave great references in our wake. 
SENSE OF URGENCY
1. We anticipate situations.
2. We deliver on commitments with a sense of urgency each and every time. 
3. We proactively review our policies and procedures for the benefit of our customers and of our company.
TEAM ENVIRONMENT
1. We strive to attract, retain and develop individuals to meet our high standards in ability and fit our culture while promoting diversity.
2. We exchange information on a timely basis regarding mutual job expectations and execution. 
3. We make and communicate decisions consistent with our Mission Statement, Vision, Core Values and Strategy.
UNCOMPROMISING INTEGRITY
1. Integrity and honesty are at the heart of our business. We expect our people to maintain high ethical standards in everything they do.
2. We take ownership for, and pride in our work, always looking for better ways to create the best value for our customers and for our company. 
3. We are dedicated to complying fully with the letter and spirit of the agreements in which we enter as well as the laws, rules and ethical principles that govern us.

Tracking Information
TEX Courier always try to serve the best service for their customers. Using different modern technology is the passion of us. We are continuing updating our websites as well as user friendly interface for tracking because users time an asset of him. So this is our responsibility to save our users time. However TEX Courier provide their customers two different fields for tracking. For single shipment customers can track their shipments from any page of TEX Courier.com by selecting single tracking from the Track Shipment field. And for the Multi Tracking (More than one shipments tracking result at a time) customers can easily track by selecting Multi Tracking from any page of TEX Courier.com. 

SINGLE TRACKING
Please input the correct tracking no to the Single Tracking field of Track Shipment form of any page. Tracking result will easily appear if you input correct no which no. was served by TEX Courier with their Airway bill. It may be AWB no. 

Note: You will find there two different fields 1. By using AWB number and 2. Tracking By Email. Please use AWB number for By Tracking number field; you can use single tracking number also for track single shipment result. For best result please don't use more than 20 number. If you are want to track by using email. Please input your email address to the required field. If you have more than one shipment under your email address, Result will be appear automatically for every shipment by tracking only that single email address.

TEX COURIER
CORPORATE OFFICE
Shop # 56, Gausul Azam Super Market
Nilkhet New Market, Dhaka 1205, Bangladesh 
Mobile# +8801711 152 131 
email: info@shifaintl.com

WEBSITE URL: WWW.SHIFAINTL.COM

quick contact
TEX Courier Shop # 56, Gausul Azam Super Market
Nilkhet New Market, Dhaka 1205, Bangladesh 
Mobile# +8801711 152 131
Email: info@shifaintl.com